README.md, before:

# HeliView - *LSPDFR Plugin*

An LSPDFR plugin to switch to aerial view during a chase. Either with a police helicopter or a news channel helicopter.

## How it works
During a pursuit, press `CTRL` + `R` to switch to helicopter view. Press again to exit, or use `CTRL` + `SHIFT` + `R` to switch to another suspect. 

## Configuration
You can adjust some settings in the `.ini` file :
- If an overlay should be displayed when in the helicopter view.
- If the player character should be warped in the helicopter.
- The type of helicopter (cop or news team).
<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img alt="News heli camera, car pursuit" src="./screenshots/news1.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="News heli camera, with PR backup menu" src="./screenshots/newsPRBackup.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="News heli camera, arrest in progress" src="./screenshots/newsArrest.jpg"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img alt="Police heli camera, car pursuit" src="./screenshots/copFrame.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="Police heli camera, cop car pursuing a car" src="./screenshots/copCar.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="Police heli camera, 2 cop cars next to a stoped car" src="./screenshots/copEnd.jpg"></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## `ℹ` Prerequisites
- [RAGE Plugin Hook](https://ragepluginhook.net/Downloads.aspx)
- [LSPDFR](www.lcpdfr.com/lspdfr/)
- [LucasRitter.Scaleforms](https://github.com/LucasRitter/gtav-scaleforms/releases/tag/0.1.0)

Commit message:

Improved focused suspect selection
- Created a method to select one of the suspect in the pursuit, with additional checks.
- Added conditions for the news text :
  - Added a specific message if the suspect has been arrested.
  - Adding a distinction between the driver and passengers of the vehicle.
- Added a distance check when switching suspects :
  - if the new suspect is more than 200m away from the current heli, we restart with another heli
  - is the new suspect less than 200m away, we simply update the pilot task and the camera targeted entity.
- Replaced native's hash by there names.

- Updated README file with a mention of Yasd implementation of the plugin.

README.md, after:

# HeliView - *LSPDFR Plugin*

An LSPDFR plugin to switch to aerial view during a chase. Either with a police helicopter or a news channel helicopter.  
Included in [Yasd's NewsHeli plugin (lcpdfr.com)](https://www.lcpdfr.com/downloads/gta5mods/scripts/51090-newsheli/).

## How it works
During a pursuit, press `CTRL` + `R` to switch to helicopter view. Press again to exit, or use `CTRL` + `SHIFT` + `R` to switch to another suspect. 

## Configuration
You can adjust some settings in the `.ini` file :
- If an overlay should be displayed when in the helicopter view.
- If the player character should be warped in the helicopter.
- The type of helicopter (cop or news team).
<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img alt="News heli camera, car pursuit" src="./screenshots/news1.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="News heli camera, with PR backup menu" src="./screenshots/newsPRBackup.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="News heli camera, arrest in progress" src="./screenshots/newsArrest.jpg"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img alt="Police heli camera, car pursuit" src="./screenshots/copFrame.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="Police heli camera, cop car pursuing a car" src="./screenshots/copCar.jpg"></td>
    <td><img alt="Police heli camera, 2 cop cars next to a stoped car" src="./screenshots/copEnd.jpg"></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## `ℹ` Prerequisites
- [RAGE Plugin Hook](https://ragepluginhook.net/Downloads.aspx)
- [LSPDFR](www.lcpdfr.com/lspdfr/)
- [LucasRitter.Scaleforms](https://github.com/LucasRitter/gtav-scaleforms/releases/tag/0.1.0)
